Create ui-c8y-1020-35-0-toogle-switching-for-access-and-id-token-7223-7335.md (#2527)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1020-35-0-toogle-switching-for-access-and-id-token-7223-7335.md

---
date: ""

> title: toogle switching for access and id token (#7223) (#7335)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add toggle to enable access and ID token switching
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59621
version: 1020.35.0
---

> toogle switching for access and id token (#7223) (#7335)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To provide more flexibility in token handling, a new toggle has been added that allows switching between access and ID tokens. Previously, the token type was fixed and could not be changed. With this update, users can now configure whether an access token or an ID token should be used in their applications. This change provides more control over the token management and enables scenarios where different token types are required, depending on the use case and the target system's requirements.
```
